Let's actually check out this DOMContentLoaded event.
First, we need to switch to the "Network pain."
Let me bring this out just a bit.
We can see it here. It's actually very hard to see and then it's right here.
The easiest way to see it is down here at the bottom.
We can see the event information right here in blue.
DOMContentLoaded was at 245 milliseconds.
Let me actually refresh the page and we can see it better.
We can see right here, this blue little bar right there,
that's the DOMContentLoaded event and right here,
it's kind of hard to see as well, but there's
a light blue line right here that's the DOMContentLoaded event.
Again, we have the new information down here at the bottom of the page.